The year is 2025. All bowling is now played solitary, by edict of the Deep State. You are Montague Watkins, a humble mathematics student, and avid bowler. You always knew that there was more to life than geometric proofs and knocking down ten pins whilst devoid of human contact – but you never quite figured out what.

You were absent-mindedly twiddling your thumbs in the jet-black glass walls of the single-occupancy bowling alley transportation capsule, when suddenly, you felt a tremor. For just a moment, a ribbon cable loosened, and then a cascade of 0s and 1s who were once perfectly content flowing from left to right decided they really preferred to flow from right to left, and the walls of your capsule were no longer opaque but crystal clear, and for a fraction of that moment you could see thousands upon thousands of other capsules gliding from airlock to airlock. And for a fraction of a fraction of a moment, you looked into the capsule behind yours and you locked eyes with the most stunningly beautiful creation that any man has ever conceived of, will ever conceive of, or even is in the process of conceiving of. And for a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a moment, you smiled at her; and for a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a moment, she smiled back.

Then, before you even had the chance to consider your future children’s names, the cable settled back into place, and those 0s and 1s (who were all rather Jacobin just a fraction ago) took a decidedly  reactionary bent, and the glass once again turned to a bowling-friendly void. You hoped you were just blinking, but unfortunately that theory was quickly debunked, and you had to come to grips with the reality of the situation.

Thanks to your unique credentials as a mathematical bowler (henceforth “M.B.”), a new strategy begins to formulate in your mind. The “B” in you happens to know that nobody has ever exceeded the lofty score of 255 points. Conversely, the “M” recalls that 255 is the largest value that can be represented by a 9-bit signed integer (if you were a historian or legal scholar, you would know that the 9-bit architecture is the de jure standard ever since a controversial ruling deemed there must be one bit for each Supreme Court justice; but alas, your credentials contain no “H” nor “L.S.”). With this limited knowledge, you conjecture: if you can get a score larger than 255, perhaps you could get a score so bad that you get sent to the game behind you!